README.md, before:

Daily Sales Quotes

To Do:

Sales Quote of the day page:
enable social links to share properly
-twitter (complete)
-facebook (seems easy enough, just need the dialin url. This site gives code: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/share-button/#)
-linkedin
Quotes are not longer random, but they are static for the first quote in quotes.json.

- create timer or something to change quote every day

  add submit link for "Submit to be featured"
  More motivation link
  enable QuoteScore counter to have a heart animation

Modal submission form:
greatest quote ever
from (LinkedIn URL or @twitter)

More Motivation page:
header
email list
list of quotes that have been featured
date posted
social
QuoteScore

Change app from one page to multiple pages- add react router

Back end:
PostgreSQL tables/relationships
store quotes
store emails
store social info

                      ___________________________________________________________________________

current state of the project:

![SalesQuotes](./src/images/Sales-quotes-screenshot-12-11-2019.png)

                      ___________________________________________________________________________

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `yarn build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

# Daily-Sales-Quotes

Commit message:

Adjusted spacing; added components for 'more motivation' page; updated README with screenshot.

README.md, after:

Daily Sales Quotes

To Do:

Sales Quote of the day page:
enable social links to share properly
-twitter (complete)
-facebook (seems easy enough, just need the dialin url. This site gives code: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/share-button/#)
-linkedin

Quotes are not longer random, but they are static for the first quote in quotes.json.

- create timer or something to change quote every day

  enable QuoteScore counter to have a heart animation
  add submit link for "Submit to be featured" modal

Modal submission form:
greatest quote ever
from (LinkedIn URL or @twitter)

More Motivation page:
list of quotes that have been featured-- make responsive to dates posted
date posted-- make responsive
social (twitter finished, finish linkedin and facebook)
QuoteScore-- real-time counter/backend

Change app from one page to multiple pages- add react router

Back end:
PostgreSQL tables/relationships
need to store quotes
need to store submitted emails
need to store social info

                      ___________________________________________________________________________

current state of the project:

![SalesQuotes](./src/images/Sales-quotes-screenshot-12-11-2019.png)

addition as of 12/16/2019

![SalesQuotes](./src/images/Sales-quotes-screenshot-12-16-2019.png)

                      ___________________________________________________________________________

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `yarn build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

# Daily-Sales-Quotes
